This package contains the official release of jess-mode, a collection
of Emacs Lisp files designed to facilitate the development of Jess
applications. Currently, jess-mode consists of two source files:

  * inf-jess.el: An inferior mode for running a Jess interpreter
    within Emacs. This mode is derived from 'comint', and offers hooks
    to customize the way Jess is invoked.

  * jess-mode.el: A major mode for editing Jess code. Based on
    'lisp-mode', jess-mode includes such niceties as font-lock support
    and special commands for evaluating expressions and controlling an
    inferior Jess interpreter.

To use jess-mode you should probably install the files in some
location accessible via 'load-path' (like site-lisp or perhaps your
personal elisp repository). Otherwise, you'll have to tell Emacs where
jess-mode lives. You might put something like

  (setq load-path (cons "<path to jess-mode>" load-path))

in your .emacs file, or wherever you keep such things. Next, you'll
probably want to "auto load" the functions 'jess-mode' and 'run-jess';
add the following someplace appropriate (again, perhaps your .emacs
file):

  (autoload 'jess-mode "jess-mode" "Jess Editing Mode" t nil)
  (autoload 'run-jess "inf-jess" "Inferior Jess Mode" t nil)

You'll probably also want to take advantage of jess-mode's font-lock
support; I do it like this:

  (add-hook 'jess-mode-hook
          #'(lambda ()
              (auto-fill-mode t)
              (turn-on-font-lock)))

See the font-lock documentation for additional features.
  
Finally, tell Emacs to start 'jess-mode' whenever you visit a Jess
source file:

  (setq auto-mode-alist
        (append auto-mode-alist '(("\\.clp$" . jess-mode))))

To run an inferior Jess process you must first tell inf-jess how Jess
should be started. Look at the documentation at the top of inf-jess.el
for an explanation and examples. Once this has been accomplished,
evaluating the form (run-jess) should give you a buffer attached to
the inferior process.

Send any comments and all your bug fixes/complaints to
`david.young@fnc.fujitsu.com'.

                




        
